[WebSocketServer] Allow to extend the original `WebSocket` class (#2007)
websockets/ws: doc/ws.md

  - `verifyClient` {Function} A function which can be used to validate incoming
    connections. See description below. (Usage is discouraged: see
    [Issue #337](https://github.com/websockets/ws/issues/377#issuecomment-462152231))
  - `WebSocket` {Function} Specifies the `WebSocket` class to be used. It must

>     be extended from the original `WebSocket`. _Default_: `WebSocket`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    be extended from the original `WebSocket`. Defaults to `WebSocket`.
```

For consistency
